DOCS-10287-PM_AddCertificateKeystore_ESB (#116)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/endpoint-as2-receive.adoc

= AS2 Receive Endpoint Settings

Your organization's AS2 endpoint settings determine where to receive inbound data from partners. One AS2 endpoint can receive inbound data from multiple partners.

> Create AS2 identifiers for your organization as host and for your trading partners in their respective xref:configure-host.adoc[host] and xref:configure-partner.adoc[partner] profile pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create AS2 identifiers for your organization as the host and for your trading partners in their respective xref:configure-host.adoc[host] and xref:configure-partner.adoc[partner] profile pages.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Setting | Description | Required
|Owner
|The host or partner that owns the endpoint.
|Yes

|Usage
|How the endpoint is used. For receive endpoints, the value in this field is `Receive from partners`. The value in this field is automatically generated based on the type of endpoint created.
|No

|Protocol
|The protocol previously selected in the *Protocol* field of the *New endpoint: Receive from partners* window, which you can subsequently modify manually.
|Yes

|Endpoint name
|The automatically generated name used to identify the endpoint, which you can subsequently modify manually.
|Yes

|Description
|The user-supplied description of the purpose and use of the endpoint.
|No

|Private port (when deploying to VPC)

> a|When enabled, the AS2 receive endpoint application is deployed to private port 8092 in the runtime in your xref:runtime-manager::virtual-private-cloud.adoc[CloudHub VPC]. You can manage the access control to the endpoint via the VPC and the dedicated load balancer settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|When enabled, the AS2 receive endpoint application is deployed to the private port 8092 in Mule in your xref:runtime-manager::virtual-private-cloud.adoc[CloudHub VPC]. You can manage the access control to the endpoint via the VPC and the dedicated load balancer settings.
```

> When disabled, the AS2 receive endpoint application is deployed to public port 8082 by default. You can access the endpoint URL directly over the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When disabled, the AS2 receive endpoint application is deployed to the public port 8082 by default. You can access the endpoint URL directly over the internet.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Setting | Description | Required
|Owner
|The host or trading partner that owns the endpoint.
|Yes

|Usage

> |The usage of the endpoint. For receive endpoints, the value in this field is `Receive from partners`. The value in this field is automatically generated based on the type of endpoint created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|How the endpoint is used. For receive endpoints, the value in this field is `Receive from partners`. The value in this field is automatically generated based on the type of endpoint created.
```

Reviewer 2: We want to avoid "usage" when we can.

|No

|Protocol

> |The protocol previously selected in the *Protocol* field of the *New endpoint: Receive from partners* window. This value cannot be subsequently modified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The protocol previously selected in the *Protocol* field of the *New endpoint: Receive from partners* window. You cannot later modify this value.
```

|Yes

> |Endpoint Name

Reviewer 2: See Line 10: Is the UI inconsistent in its capitalization (Keystore name, Endpoint Name)?
(what a surprise....)
We do have to quote the UI verbatim, when quoting. We can fix when writing about.

Author: It is lower case - thanks for catching it!

> |The automatically generated name used to identify the endpoint, which you can subsequently modify manually.

Reviewer 2: Standardize to this wording style for Lines 11 and 19.

Author: Done

|Yes

|Description
|The user-supplied description of the purpose and use of the endpoint.
|No

|Private port (when deploying to VPC)

> a|When enabled, the AS2 receive endpoint application is deployed to private port 8092 in the runtime in your xref:runtime-manager::virtual-private-cloud.adoc[CloudHub VPC]. You can manage the access control to the endpoint via the VPC and the Dedicated Load Balancer settings.

Reviewer 2: dedicated load balancer (DLB), lowercase GLOBALLY
```suggestion
a|When enabled, the AS2 receive endpoint application is deployed to private port 8092 in the runtime in your xref:runtime-manager::virtual-private-cloud.adoc[CloudHub VPC]. You can manage the access control to the endpoint via the VPC and the dedicated load balancer settings.
```

> When disabled, the AS2 receive endpoint application is deployed to public port 8082 by default. The endpoint URL can be directly accessed over the internet.

Reviewer 2: intentional passive?

Author: Fixed

[Note]

> This configuration is applicable only for CloudHub VPC deployments from Partner Manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This configuration is applicable to CloudHub VPC deployments from Partner Manager only.
```
